List of ideas/Values:
Vaue the Patron/Client relationship based on Ancient Roman Patronage or Clientage.
Strong Evolutionary Kin Groups (Nuclear, Clan, Tribe/Phratry , Nation); Value Family and Social cohesion
Strong Collectivist attitudes; Valuing social obligations, entitlements, etc.
Conservative values: Authority, Tradition, Hierarchy, and Order.
Faith based religion; Arguing that our gods are more "real" is the hieght of arrogance.
Gods care 3/4ths the time about works and 1/4th the time about faith; Works are more important than faith although faith isn't completely
lacking in value.
Gods should reflect these values
Evolutionary governments are the primary way of running society; Priesthoods also hold governing power.
A system of Karma is the system that will be used. Imagine you have a bank account and every rightful action gives you positive Karma
and every wrongful action gives you negative Karma. You reap the rewards/ punishments in the afterlife.
Hard polytheism will be the rule. There will be a national god, family deities, personal deities, deities of certain professions
(professional deities), and other deities.
Voluntary systems will be the most moral way of doing things. Though a person will be held accountable for their failings if they make the
choice to make to do something wrongful.
Strong tight-knit communities will be the most moral way of living. Agreeable, Cooperative, and Communal behaviours will gain merit for
each individual and collective soul.
Missionaries from Islam or Christianity shouldn't be harmed at first but should be persuaded to our way of living. Showing the benefits 
and costs of our belief might make them join us and leave behind their beliefs.  Understanding their views would also be helpful.
Conservative ways of thought shouldn't be seen as a political belief but rather a cultural one. Politicizing the religion should be a
demerit on all the souls involved in doing so.
A Priesthood will be set up. Priests main job is to guide the people that they are leading. Priests must have another livelihood 
other than being a Priest to prevent a disconnect from them and their followers.
Striving to self-actualization and arete is important and shows merit of character.
Missionary/Proselytizzation should be more like the Islamic Dawah. We shouldn't force people into our faith. Proselytization should be more
like inviting someone to the faith.
